README.md, before:

# @immowelt/eslint-config-immowelt-react

[![Powered by Immowelt](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-immowelt-yellow.svg?colorB=ffb200)](https://stackshare.io/immowelt-group/)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react#info=devDependencies&view=table)

This package servers as the basis for the JavaScript standards of the Immowelt GmbH.

It sets a bunch of rules and warnings for best practices on how to write a maintainable JavaScript code base, as well as hints on how to write a good performing React application.

## Usage
If you want to use the `@immowelt/eslint-config-immowelt-react` config, you can install it by executing:
```bash
npm i -D @immowelt/eslint-config-immowelt-react
```

Then create a file named `.eslintrc` with following contents in the root folder of your project:

```json
{
  "extends": "@immowelt/eslint-config-immowelt-react"
}
```

## License
See the `LICENSE` file at the root of the repository.

Commit message:

TASK: Add a CONTRIBUTING.md with instructions on how to contribute to the repository

README.md, after:

# @immowelt/eslint-config-immowelt-react

[![Powered by Immowelt](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-immowelt-yellow.svg?colorB=ffb200)](https://stackshare.io/immowelt-group/)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ImmoweltGroup/eslint-config-immowelt-react#info=devDependencies&view=table)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

This package servers as the basis for the JavaScript standards of the Immowelt GmbH.

It sets a bunch of rules and warnings for best practices on how to write a maintainable JavaScript code base, as well as hints on how to write a good performing React application.

## Usage
If you want to use the `@immowelt/eslint-config-immowelt-react` config, you can install it by executing:
```bash
npm i -D @immowelt/eslint-config-immowelt-react
```

Then create a file named `.eslintrc` with following contents in the root folder of your project:

```json
{
  "extends": "@immowelt/eslint-config-immowelt-react"
}
```

## Contributing
See the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file at the root of the repository.

## Licensing
See the `LICENSE` file at the root of the repository.
